hi in this video I will show you how you
can extend your images and also create a
parallx so first off I'm going to
generate my background image I want a
beautiful Meadow but of course you can
do anything else when it comes to the
text prompt you want to use I personally
like using very short ones but you can
do long ones as
well but what's good to note is that
once you have generated you can then use
your generation as a init image to
further improve on it so what I did here
because I felt like the um the colors
weren't perfect I controls z a bit back
I undo and then I used that as my init
image for my next Generation so now I
got a much clearer
image now I'm going to use the canvas
size I'm going to resize the
canvas and then I will use the in
painting tool to uh in paint and extend
the uh image and here it is important to
have a part of the image of the previous
one and what you want to extend and make
sure that you draw in the in painting
layer so here I'm using the square tool
to uh make the part I want to in paint
black and now the model takes the image
on the left and generates something that
fits it on the
right and what I forgot to do here is
turn off a transparent background so it
has more steps at the
end and so it's not going to do anything
now uh which is why I'm going to make
sure to turn off transparent background
now but yeah I'm going to use this uh
image here as my init imagees before but
I'm just going to fix a bit in the
background where the uh where I think
the model can make some
improvements and because I'm using this
as a init image now the model will uh
understand what I want uh to happen in
the in the
background and of course you can do like
the um the in painting and extending
your image on all corners and you can
just continue doing so further and
further you can also do tricks with the
generate large image once you have an
init image to maybe
do better stuff if you think the
generate large image is better at uh
creating images
now because I want to create a paralex
I'm going to extend the canvas here H
copy paste the right side over to the
left side and then in paint in between
and yeah then we have created a parallx
and of course now I created quite a
small one but you can of course create
well infinitely large one if you if
that's what you want you
know thank you for watching I hope this
was helpful if you have any questions
feel free to ask them here or on
Discord for